nikolic and yes it's already christmas direction
offenburg in the country of Baden
we find our comrades
from Strasbourg to participate in the
Christmas market surveillance with
their counterparts from across the Rhine
in the framework of French cooperation
German is in application of the Treaty
of prüm commonly called chong m3 the
polizei sought the assistance of the
gendarmerie to organize
mixed patrols
on the spot the gendarmes continued to
do their job as contribute to the
prevention of crime and in
German please but their asset
principal is contact with
many French tourists their
presence facilitates exchanges and allows
if necessary to reassure them in case of
complaint the next day back from
the other side of the border in the
favorite villages of Santa Claus
kaysersberg and riquewihr this time
it's our German friends' turn to
come visit us
mixed patrols start on the
crowded car parks where every year a
significant number of flights to the
trailer is to deplore in town in
the show are identical contact with
population monitoring teaching
in French or German
and besides how is it going
had
she spoke French with us because
I know already talked a little bit
French
but it also makes two wounds believe
that here between Germans with them
in the information
Yeah yeah that's it
and like that for me it's a chance
what to see as daouda does not dare work
and in fact we are patrolling
will walk the streets all evening
they will make sure to gaunt again on
Christmas spirit
white supports sticking